I'm Daniel Nussbaum general manager with
Zima and fishing products and I wanted
to talk today about a new product that
we're really excited about for 2014 the
new Quadzilla collapsible forearm
spinnerbait now there's no question that
umbrella rigs are a great way to attract
big bass you get that schooling baitfish
look with five or more baits in one rig
and it really gets the fish fired up at
the same time though umbrella rigs can
be really difficult to fish they can be
tiring because they're so heavy they're
expensive because you've got to load
them up with at least 5 baits swim baits
jig heads umbrella rigs it all adds up
so for your weekend angler it can be a
lot of hassle and a lot of cost to throw
an umbrella rig so we've come up with a
way to get that same schooling baitfish
look and get these fish fired up without
all the weight the hassle and the cost
of a traditional umbrella rig so we've
developed this Quadzilla spinner bait so
all you really have to do is slide this
silicon head up to the front of the bait
towards the eye where you attach your
line and the bait spreads out with four
different arms so it runs through the
water and looks like a school of bait
fish now what we've done to make this
bait run even better is we've added a
small weight at the bottom to Keele
balance it so it runs upright every time
we've also matched the colors of the
silicone head the spinner bait head and
the blades to create a really natural
and lifelike appearance now the great
thing about this bait is it doesn't
weigh a whole lot the head itself is 3/8
of an ounce the whole rig together
weighs less than 3/4 of an ounce so you
can throw it on any kind of tackle you
don't need a heavy rod with 80 pound
braid you can throw
on a spinning rod you can use light
tackle the other great thing about this
is you can throw it pretty much anywhere
grassy areas you can throw it around lay
downs and it doesn't really get hung up
that hooks gonna ride upright every time
because its killed and it'll come
through cover easily there's not a whole
lot to get caught like all the hooks on
a regular umbrella rig so it's just
something a little bit different give
you a little bit different look
something you can use in shallower water
and it's a little bit more versatile
than a traditional umbrella rig for 2014
we've also taken this Quadzilla concept
and applied it to create the Quadzilla
forearm spinner rig what this allows you
to do is give your favorite elaztech
swim bait that same schooling baitfish
look and profile without having to spend
the money on an umbrella rig and lots of
different baits and jig heads and
without having to wear your arm out all
day casting a heavy bulky umbrella rig
this lets you fish in shallow areas
around cover with that same schooling
baitfish look and all you have to do is
just clip on your favorite jig heads
along with your favorite elaztech swim
bait whether it's the minnows the
paddlers the pogies the new diesel
minnows or the swimmers and you get that
same schooling baitfish look so keep an
eye out for the new Quadzilla forearm
spinner bait and the Quadzilla forearm
spinner rig this winter at your favorite
tackle shop